I have an optional assignment for you, in
this module of the course. If you have
KiteMatic installed on your system, go out
and recreate the steps that I just did.
Stand up that a web container and go
to the port. So go through the KiteMatic
steps, find out what your port mapping is, go to
localhost and whatever that port mapping
is, and verify that you can get a web
page going. Now, this is a very simple
example. I just want you to get used to
the concept of the container running, and
we're mapping ports inside the container.
Now, we're gonna get into that a lot more
depth, but just be aware that, that counts
up there. If you can, if you've installed
KiteMatic, it should be available for
Windows, definitely available for OS X and
some of that we can use and easily go
through the steps. But I want you to get
the hands-on experience of going through
and doing these steps.